Rewrite `chart` and `set-attributes` operators (#3866)
tenzir/tenzir: changelog/next/features/3866--chart-operator.md

> `chart` operator adds metadata to the schema of the input events,
> enabling rendering as a chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `chart` operator adds metadata to the schema of the input events,
enabling rendering events as bar, line, or donut charts on app.tenzir.com.
```
